#summary This page lists some frequently asked questions related to the Checkout SDK

===What are the licensing terms for the Checkout SDK?===
The source-code for the Checkout SDK project is available under an open-source license [http://www.apache.org/licenses/ Apache License 2.0]. 

===What are the support options for the Checkout SDK?===
[http://groups.google.com/group/google-checkout-developers-forum Google checkout developer forum] is the best place to ask questions related to the Checkout SDK. 
The checkout SDK is a *community-supported* project. We intend to release minor update with bug-fixes every two months or so. If you need a bug-fix urgently and can not wait for the update release, you have two options: 
  # Modify the source-code available under the project/ directory of your SDK bundle and build a new library for your use. The project/ directory is setup to be an [http://www.eclipse.org/ Eclipse] as well as a [http://www.netbeans.org/ NetBeans] project.
  # Download the source-code from the subversion repository and build a release yourself. [http://code.google.com/p/google-checkout-java-sdk/wiki/EclipseProjectSetup Here] are the instructions on how to download and build the project from Eclipse. 
You are welcome to log any bugs or suggested bug-fixes under the [http://code.google.com/p/google-checkout-java-sdk/issues/list Issues] page.

===What versions of the JDK are supported?===
The checkout SDK should work with any JDK later than version 1.4. It should also be possible to re-compile the code with JDK 1.3 since we do not use any JDK 1.4 specific features, but this configuration is not supported.

===What security mechanism does the Checkout SDK use while posting the cart to Google Checkout?===
The checkout SDK simply does a server to server post.  It is plain XML over https, secured with basic authentication.  See the send() method on AbstractCheckoutRequest for details of this.  